News from: New York Times: Business

List(Is ‘Greedflation’ Rewriting Economics, or Do Old Rules Still Apply? Economists and politicians are debating whether monopolistic companies are fueling inflation in ways that confound longstanding theory., U.S. Job Growth Remains Strong in May: Live Updates The number of people working or looking for work rose, while wage gains eased slightly. Both are encouraging signs, but the Federal Reserve’s fight against stubbornly high inflation is far from over., What Sheryl Sandberg’s ‘Lean In’ Has Meant to Women The high-profile executive’s decision to leave Meta is also a moment to reflect on the impact of her best-selling book and philosophy about success in the workplace.Sheryl Sandberg promoting the Japanese edition of her book “Lean In” in Tokyo in 2013., Who Is Mark Zuckerberg’s New No. 2? It’s a Trick Question. Mr. Zuckerberg, Meta’s chief executive, has restructured his company so that he no longer has a top deputy.Sheryl Sandberg, Meta’s chief operating officer for the past 14 years, said this week that she would leave the company this fall., Soaring Gas Prices: How People Are Responding “Good thing we’re not going very far.” Eight people, one gas station in Queens., Fossil-Fuel Shares Lead the Stock Market. How Awkward. If you want to make money in the market but also be a responsible citizen in a warming world, you’re in a tough spot. But there are some promising options, our columnist says., Why Adjustable-Rate Mortgages Are Still Risky The loans’ interest rates are initially low. But while some of their worst features are gone, their rates may still rise considerably over time., Opec Plus Agrees to a Bigger Increase in Oil Supply The oil producers said they would raise by 50 percent a planned production increase, after U.S. lobbying to ease price pressures.Fuel trucks and storage tanks at an Aramco oil facility in Jiddah, Saudi Arabia., Do You Know Someone Who Believes in Conspiracy Theories? We Want to Hear About It. Share your experience if you, a friend or a family member believes or once believed in a popular conspiracy theory.A woman wore a “Q” hat at a rally for President Donald J. Trump in Wisconsin in 2020, a reference to the QAnon conspiracy theory., Dave Clark, Amazon’s CEO of Consumer Business, Steps Down Dave Clark, who was also the architect of the company’s sprawling warehouse operations, said he would depart after 23 years.By expanding Amazon’s warehouse operations, Dave Clark oversaw one of the largest capital investments in corporate history., 21 Americans Infected With Monkeypox, C.D.C. Reports As the number of cases outside Africa approaches 800, governments are scrambling for a limited pool of vaccines and treatments with unclear effectiveness.A Bavarian Nordic lab in Germany. The company has produced a vaccine effective against monkeypox., Sanjay Shah, Suspected in a Nearly $2 Billion Danish Tax Scheme, Is Arrested Prosecutors believe Sanjay Shah was behind an elaborate scheme to cheat the Danish tax system.Sanjay Shah in 2020. Prosecutors in Denmark want to extradite him from the United Arab Emirates to face tax fraud charges. , What’s Got Economists Rooting for a Slowdown With nearly twice as many open jobs as available workers and rising inflation, many economists and policymakers say a slowdown is just what the economy needs.A red-hot job market., U.S. added 390,000 jobs in May amid efforts to cool the economy. The Labor Department report comes as policymakers try to ease inflation without inducing a recession., Social Security and Medicare Funds Improved, But the Long Term Is Dire The government released its annual reports on the financial health of the programs., Ford Plans 6,000 New Union Jobs in Three Midwestern States The automaker said the move would further its electric-vehicle goals. It may also defuse tensions with the U.A.W. ahead of contract talks next year.A 2022 Ford F-150 Lightning in production at the Dearborn Truck Plant in Dearborn, Mich., Jared Kushner Under Investigation Over Saudi Investment in New Firm The House Oversight Committee is seeking documents related to the $2 billion investment by a Saudi fund in the private equity firm started by Mr. Kushner, Donald Trump’s son-in-law and former adviser.During his time in government, Jared Kushner developed a close rapport with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, Saudi Arabia’s de facto leader., Nike Founder Phil Knight and a Dodgers Co-Owner Bid for Portland Trail Blazers The bid by Knight and Alan Smolinisky, a part owner of the Dodgers, tops $2 billion, according to people familiar with their proposal.Phil Knight, the founder of Nike., U.S. Technology, a Longtime Tool for Russia, Becomes a Vulnerability Global restrictions on sending advanced technology to Russia are hampering the country’s military capacity, U.S. officials say, though Russia has stockpiled American equipment for years., How Are You Coping With Inflation? We’d like to hear your story.A person pushes a shopping cart in a supermarket in New York City, U.S. in March., Fed Vice Chair Says Another Big Interest Rate Increase Could Come in September Lael Brainard, the vice chair of the Federal Reserve, said another big rate increase in September might be appropriate if inflation did not moderate., U.S. Imposes Sanctions on Yacht Company That Caters to Russian Elites The Treasury Department also identified four yachts as being linked to President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia., Prosecutors Charge Former OpenSea Employee With Insider Trading The employee of OpenSea was released on $100,000 bail after pleading not guilty., The End of the Sandberg Era at Meta Sheryl Sandberg is leaving at a time when Meta’s C.E.O. and founder, Mark Zuckerberg, has begun an aggressive effort to take it in a new direction.“Have we gotten everything right? Absolutely not.”, At Passionflix, Tosca Musk Streams Shows of ‘Toe Curling Yumminess’ Tosca Musk, Elon’s younger sister, is the force behind Passionflix, a streaming service dedicated to adaptations of romance novels and erotic fan fiction.Tosca Musk, who runs Passionflix, at a pajama party during the streaming service’s PassionCon last month., Japan’s Unlikely Rise to Luxury Car Dominance Car buyers once balked at paying $40,000 for a Japanese vehicle. Now the country’s cars are at the forefront of consumer trends.The new Acura Integra will be released in June at a starting price of about $32,000., Why SPACS Are Flailing as Market Conditions Shift  For a time, SPACs were the preferred way for companies to go public. But changing market conditions and the threat of regulation are making Wall Street lose its appetite., Why a Not-So-Hot Economy Might Be Good News As the Federal Reserve tries to rein in inflation without causing a recession, slower job creation and wage growth could be a plus.Commuters in Chicago last month. The Federal Reserve is trying to cool the economy without losing gains made during the recovery from the pandemic recession., Homeownership Remains the American Dream, Despite Challenges A new survey reveals that nearly three-quarters of Americans place owning a home above career, family and college as a sign of prosperity.Housing supply has not been able to keep up with demand, tightening the market for affordable homes., $5.8 Billion in Loans Will Be Forgiven for Corinthian Colleges Students The Education Department said it would wipe out the debts of 560,000 borrowers who had enrolled in the for-profit college chain, which collapsed in 2015.Everest College-City of Industry in California, part of Corinthian Colleges, in 2015, the year the chain closed., The Middlemen Helping Russian Oligarchs Get Superyachts and Villas They oversee the flow of billions of dollars from Putin-connected Russians to companies involved in superyachts and villas. They’ve drawn the attention of a U.S. task force., Two Former MGM Executives Take Leading Roles at Warner Bros. Pamela Abdy and Michael De Luca left MGM in April following its purchase by Amazon.Pamela Abdy and Michael De Luca will become co-chairs of a pandemic-weary movie division., Sheryl Sandberg Steps Down From Facebook’s Parent Company, Meta The longtime chief operating officer of Facebook’s parent company, Ms. Sandberg has had a lower profile during Mark Zuckerberg’s pursuit of the so-called metaverse.Sheryl Sandberg, the chief operating officer of Meta, plans to remain on its board of directors after leaving her post in the fall., Bank Chiefs Warn of a Weakening Economy They spoke at an investor conference.People dining in New York this spring. Bank executives say the economic outlook is worsening., Europe’s Russian Oil Ban Could Overhaul Global Energy Market The effort could hurt Russia but could also help drive up already high oil prices, hurting the global economy and enriching energy companies.Energy experts say Europe’s push to find alternative oil supplies will leave no part of the world untouched. , Ruger Shareholders Vote for Study of Gunmaker’s Impact on Human Rights It’s not clear whether Ruger, one of a small number of public gun manufacturers, will follow the nonbinding proposal.A worker assembling a rifle at the Ruger factory in Newport, N.H., These New Low-Cost Airlines (Might) Offer Deals With cheeky names like Play and Breeze, at least eight new low-cost airlines have entered the market since 2020. Here’s what to consider (potential headaches included) before buying a ticket.Breeze Airways, founded by a former chief executive of JetBlue, began operations last May. , Vox Media Union Pledges to Strike as Contract Nears Expiration The Vox Media Union’s contract expires at midnight on June 13. The union is seeking cost-of-living raises and affordable benefits., The Next Battleground for Gig Worker Labor Laws: Massachusetts Uber and Lyft are pushing a ballot measure that would bar their drivers from full employment status, but a court could throw it out.A caravan opposing California’s Proposition 22 driving through Los Angeles in October 2020., U.S. Will Airlift Baby Formula From Abroad as Shortages Grow Worse The White House is facing new questions about whether it acted quickly enough after the leading baby formula plant shut down in February.President Biden convened a virtual meeting on Wednesday to discuss the nationwide shortage of baby formula with officials from five baby food companies., Job Openings Declined Slightly in April From a High Point Employers had 11.4 million vacancies, nearly two for every worker seeking a job., Delta Says Ticket Sales Are Returning to 2019 Levels The company is the latest of several airlines to say their business is stronger than expected as travel demand increases.Delta Air Lines said in a securities filing that its profits would end up at the higher end of the range it published in April., 4 Quick Tips for Managing Email Overload on the Go Hate it or love it, your electronic inbox is still a popular point of contact and communication. Here’s how to keep it under control.Gmail and iOS Mail include several shortcuts to speed things up when you need to communicate by email — like message scheduling in Gmail, previews with iOS quick actions, fast-swipe deleting and Apple’s on-the-spot document scanning., A Win for Big Tech at the Supreme Court The court blocks a Texas law after an emergency request from groups representing major tech companies like Facebook and Twitter.Messing with Texas., Biden Administration Begins Trade Dialogue With Taiwan Talks with the self-governing island, which China claims as its territory, aim to challenge Chinese trade practices and are sure to irritate Beijing.The Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company is one of the world’s most valuable semiconductor companies., Racist and Violent Ideas Jump From Web’s Fringes to Mainstream Sites Despite some efforts by the largest tech companies to limit the spread of hateful content, it often remains only a click or two away.A memorial near the Tops grocery store in Buffalo. , Sarah Palin’s Bid for New Libel Trial Against The Times Is Denied A judge ruled that Ms. Palin failed to introduce “even a speck” of evidence to prove the newspaper defamed her in a 2017 editorial that mistakenly connected her political rhetoric with a mass shooting.Sarah Palin outside U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York in February. A public figure needs to prove actual malice to win a defamation case. , F.A.A. Limits Boeing’s Self-Regulation Privileges The agency approved only a three-year renewal, it said, because it wants to ensure that Boeing is carrying out certain changes to the program.Under a federal program, corporate employees are allowed to determine regulatory compliance on some matters on the F.A.A.’s behalf., Marvin Josephson, Who Scored Big Deals for Stars, Dies at 95 He started small as a talent agent in 1955, with an unknown kiddie TV performer who would soon become Captain Kangaroo.The talent agent Marvin Josephson in 1977. Some of his earliest clients were broadcast journalists. He realized before they did that they were becoming stars., The Doctor Prescribed an Obesity Drug. Her Insurer Called It ‘Vanity.’ Many insurance companies refuse to cover new weight loss drugs that their doctors deem medically necessary., Forbes Scraps Plan to Go Public via SPAC The century-old business magazine had aimed to go public through a blank-check company based in Hong Kong but changed course after the market flipped.The former headquarters of Forbes magazine in New York. Forbes is known for its rankings of wealthy businesspeople., Seizing Russian Assets to Help Ukraine Sets Off White House Debate Some European officials want to use more than $300 billion in Russian central bank assets to rebuild Ukraine. But Biden administration officials warn that diverting those funds could be illegal.A residential area in Sloviansk, Ukraine, on Tuesday, after a Russian strike. President Volodymyr Zelensky of Ukraine has estimated that it could cost $600 billion to rebuild his country., Fresh Strawberries Linked to Hepatitis A Outbreak, F.D.A Says The F.D.A. said the likely source of the outbreak was fresh organic strawberries that were sold under the FreshKampo and H-E-B brands in March and April.Public health officials in the United States and Canada have identified more than two dozen cases of hepatitis A that they said might be linked to organic strawberries., Cryptocurrency Firms Expand Physical Footprint in New York Cryptocurrency firms have been setting up or expanding office space in New York, but the recent market turbulence could hamper their longevity.Mike Fraietta, the founder of EmpireDAO, recently opened a co-working space for crypto entrepreneurs in a graffiti-covered building in Lower Manhattan., ISS Urges Spirit Shareholders to Vote Against Frontier Merger  Institutional Shareholder Services, which advises large investors, said shareholders should opt for a higher offer for Spirit by JetBlue.An offer by JetBlue for Spirit represents a 56 percent premium over Frontier’s cash-and-stock offer, Institutional Shareholder Services said., A Senate Democrat wants Wells Fargo’s C.E.O. to fix its problems ‘once and for all.’ Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio, the chairman of the chamber’s Banking Committee, rebuked Charles W. Scharf for the bank’s continued problems.Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio is criticizing Wells Fargo on a number of fronts, including its hiring practices and monitoring of suspicious activity by brokerage customers., Europe’s Oil Embargo on Russia Tightens the Market What an embargo means for oil prices, plus a one-issue candidate whose issue is Elon Musk.Protesters in Belgium., Eurozone Inflation Hits Highest Level Since Creation of the Euro The economic toll of Russia’s war on Ukraine keeps widening, with price rises in Germany hitting a record and inflation in Estonia topping 20 percent.Stores in Ronda, a town in southern Spain. Annual inflation in the country has reached 8.5 percent.)