News from: New York Times: Technology

List(U.S. Retakes Top Spot in Supercomputer Race A massive machine in Tennessee has been deemed the world’s speediest. Experts say two supercomputers in China may be faster, but the country didn’t participate in the rankings., Inside the Apple Store Battle for Union Representation Weary from the pandemic and pressured by inflation, retail employees of the tech giant are holding votes on whether to unionize.Sydney Rhodes is leading an effort to unionize the Apple store at the Cumberland Mall in Atlanta., How Influencers Hype Crypto, Without Disclosing Their Financial Ties Logan Paul, Paul Pierce and other celebrities have promoted risky and obscure digital currencies, sometimes failing to mention their conflicts of interest.Logan Paul, a 27-year-old boxer and social-media influencer, became interested in crypto last year after business associates introduced him to the world of NFTs., Accused of Cheating by an Algorithm, and a Professor She Had Never Met An unsettling glimpse at the digitization of education., They Did Their Own ‘Research.’ Now What? In spheres as disparate as medicine and cryptocurrencies, “do your own research,” or DYOR, can quickly shift from rallying cry to scold.Earlier this month, the crash of two cryptocurrencies caused a crash felt around the world, as seen here at a crypto exchange in Seoul., The S.E.C. Sent a Letter to Musk About His Twitter Shares in April The regulator questioned whether the Tesla chief executive had disclosed his stake at the right time.When the S.E.C. approached Elon Musk on April 4, he had just become Twitter’s largest shareholder., TikTok’s Amber Heard Hate Machine Television turned the celebrity trial into a 24-hour tabloid spectacle. Social media made it into a sport.On social media, the visages of Johnny Depp and Amber Heard have been frozen into masks of comedy and tragedy — he is perpetually smirking, she is permanently aggrieved., Substack Drops Fund-Raising Efforts as Market Sours Amid an industrywide downturn, venture investors are preaching austerity and halting new deals, particularly for companies that have spent aggressively on growth.Substack is among a group of start-ups that thrived in the pandemic., A Face Search Engine Anyone Can Use Is Alarmingly Accurate PimEyes is a paid service that finds photos of a person from across the internet, including some the person may not want exposed. “We’re just a tool provider,” its owner said.The original photo used to do an image search on PimEyes, left, and just a few of its results for the author, Kashmir Hill., Internet Drama in Canada. (Really.) We all need great internet service, but it doesn’t happen by accident., Broadcom to Acquire VMware in $61 Billion Enterprise Computing Deal The resulting combination of chip company and software maker would be one of the most important suppliers of technology to the cloud computing market.Broadcom’s takeover of VMware would reshuffle the market for business computing., Twitter Fined in Privacy Settlement, as Musk Commits More Equity for Deal Twitter did not do enough to tell its users that the personal data it had collected was used partly to help marketers target ads, the F.T.C. and Justice Department said.The misleading behavior lasted for at least six years, from 2013 to 2019, the federal agencies said., Debunking 3 Viral Rumors About the Texas Shooting False and unfounded claims started to spread online shortly after the killings.Outside Robb Elementary School in Uvalde, Texas, a day after the shooting there., Digital Threads Between the U.S. and China Chinese trends have shaped online experiences for Americans, and U.S. tech companies have inspired those in China., Twitter’s Chief Tries Staying the Course as Elon Musk Upends Plans Parag Agrawal, Twitter’s chief executive, is grappling with a takeover where nobody “would want to be in those shoes.”, ‘Quantum Internet’ Inches Closer With Advance in Data Teleportation Scientists have improved their ability to send quantum information across distant computers — and have taken another step toward the network of the future., I Tried Apple’s Self-Repair Program With My iPhone. Disaster Ensued. Apple’s do-it-yourself tools and instructions are far from ideal for most of us. I know this because I broke my phone trying to use them.Shakeel Taiyab, an independent repair technician, replacing the battery on our columnist’s iPhone 12 using Apple’s certified repair equipment., These Investors Are Putting $1 Billion Into Trump Media A draft document contains the names of dozens of hedge funds and others behind the $1 billion private investment announced in December.Former President Donald J. Trump at a rally in Greenwood, Neb., this month., An American Comeback on Amazon Chinese merchants have been huge on Amazon. But now we’re seeing the trend reverse., Jen Psaki Joins MSNBC as a Host and Commentator Ms. Psaki, President Biden’s first press secretary, left her job at the White House this month.Jen Psaki will serve as a political analyst throughout this year’s midterm elections and during the 2024 presidential campaign., 6 Podcasts About the Dark Side of the Internet These shows tap into the dangers of our wired life, exploring cybercrime, cryptocurrency and the many flavors of horror that lurk on the dark web., Interested in Solar Panels? Here Is Some Advice. Buying a solar energy system can be expensive and confusing. Here are some things to think about if you are in the market for solar panels., Why Has the CPI Inflation Calculation Changed Over Time? As prices soar, some critics are raising doubts about the official inflation figures. But many economists say the figures are an accurate snapshot of rising prices.A subdivision in Concord, N.C. Housing is one area where the measurement of inflation has been adjusted., SpaceX Executive Defends Elon Musk Against Misconduct Accusations Gwynne Shotwell, SpaceX’s president and chief operating officer, addressed sexual harassment allegations against Mr. Musk in a company email last week.Elon Musk has denied that he propositioned a corporate flight attendant for sex., Snap Says It Will Miss Earnings Goals Because of Economic Challenges Snap’s announcement comes amid a slowdown for tech start-ups, as venture capital funding has fallen and young companies have been cutting costs and laying off employees.Snap, the maker of the messaging app Snapchat, said on Monday that it expected to miss its quarterly financial goals., Google Maps Workers Say They Can’t Afford the Trip Back to the Office The contract workers are resisting a plan to resume in-person work, citing health concerns and commuting costs.Google Maps uses more than 200 employees of Cognizant Technology Solutions, which wants them to start working five days a week in Bothell, Wash., next month., Airbnb Shuts Down Its Business in China, Removing 150,000 Listings The home rental service is the last remaining large U.S. internet business in China.Airbnb, based in San Francisco, plans to shut down its domestic business in China. The company has operated there since 2016., Workers at an Activision studio vote to unionize, a first for the gaming industry. The new union affects only a small group of workers — 28 quality-assurance workers at Activision’s Raven studio.Activision Blizzard is in the process of being acquired by Microsoft for $70 billion.)